battalion - Monsters, explosions, destruction.
	    You've seen the movies, you know what to do

	    Version 1.4b ? 1996

battalion was written by Andrew Johnson
			 Electronic Visualization Laboratory (M.C 154)
			 University of Illinois at Chicago
			 851 South Morgan St. Room 1120 SEO
			 Chicago, IL 60607

			 ajohnson@eecs.uic.edu
			 http://evlweb.eecs.uic.edu/aej
			 http://www.eecs.uic.edu/~ajohnson


The latest version of battalion can be found and downloaded from one of
the two WWW sites listed above.


battalion is Copyright (c) 1994-1996 by Andrew Johnson - All Rights Reserved

battalion is provided free of charge. There is no registration fee.

Permission to copy and distribute battalion in its entirety, for non-
commercial purposes, is hereby granted without fee provided this
copyright notice appears in all copies.

If you redistribute battalion the ENTIRE contents of this distribution
must be distributed.

Note that distributing battalion in with any product is considered to be
a 'commercial purpose.'

This software may be modified for your own purposes, but modified
versions may not be distributed without prior consent of the author.

This software is provided 'as-is' without any express or implied
warrenty. In no event shall the author be held liable for any
damages arising from the use or misuse of this software.

Should you want to do something with this software that is prohibited
by the above copyright, please contact the author (email please) as he
is very likely willing to sell out for the almighty dollar.


This game includes code from the tk library which is
(c) Copyright 1993, Silicon Graphics, Inc.

This game can be linked with either the OpenGL (r) graphics library
from Silicon Graphics, Inc. or the Mesa 3-D graphics library
which is (c) Brian Paul. You will need some flavour of OpenGL or
Mesa to be able to compile this program.


For users without access to Showcase on a Silicon Graphics workstation
the help files are provided as individual .gif files in the help
directory in the battalion.data directory.


This is version 1.4b of the OpenGL version of battalion released on 8/17/96.

(This code contains enhancements written by Johan Hagman
(Johan.Hagman@mailbox.swipnet.se) for the Solaris port of
battalion)
